[Lauren] Previously
on Make It Or Break It:
[Beals] I was presented
with clear evidence
of inappropriate conduct.
Here it is.
The Bible tells us
that sex is sacred.
It's a gift to be shared
between husbands and wives.
Steve, I have a right
to see my own daughter.
You can see her in two years,
when she's 18.
You'll regret this, Steve.
[Sasha] Kaylie, I'm worried you
might still be losing weight
to master this Genji Cho move.
Ellen Beals thinks
my training schedule
and my diet are perfect.
Emily Kmetko,
you're under arrest.
[Emily] Don't tell Damon
that I got arrested.
My lips are sealed.
[Emily echoing] Mom?
Mom? Mom!
- I'm taking my break.
- Um, you're not at work.
You fell asleep on the couch.
What time did you get home?
Um... Home?
Right. Late. Late.
[Emily] You've, um, sure been
getting a lot of wear out
of that trench coat lately.
Yes, um, what time is it?
I have a parents meeting
at The Rock with Ellen Beals.
- Have we heard about
my court date yet?
- Yes.
They called, and your
hearing is set for Friday
at noon.
[sighs] Thank God!
World Team trials are Saturday.
Could you imagine me having
to tell Ellen Beals,
"I'm sorry, I have a conflict,
I might be in jail
that day"?
Honey, you're
not going to jail.
You've never been
in trouble before,
you're a straight A student
and you're an elite gymnast
on the National Team.
- Yeah, it's great being me.
- It could be worse.
[girls laughing]
I guess the whole world
knows that I kissed my coach.
- [honking horn]
- What are you lookin' at?
Mom! It's OK!
You know, you don't
have to train today.
Yes, I do.
If I hide out, people will think
that Sasha did something wrong.
It's my fault he's in this mess,
so if I have to suffer
a little humiliation,
bring it on.
- [rock music plays]
- OK, let's hear it. Let's all
have a good laugh at my expense,
- and move on.
- So, is Sasha a good kisser?
Amazing. So good, in fact,
that we're planning on eloping.
I will then move
into the Airstream,
and if it's a boy,
we will name him Sasha Jr.
I guess we need to extend
the "no boys rule"
- to include
"no middle-aged men?"
- Sasha's not middle-aged.
- He could be your father.
- [Emily] You guys!
Come on.
She's embarrassed enough.
- Are you OK?
- It's not me I'm worried about.
I'm worried about Sasha.
What do you think
they're gonna do to him?
Payson is my daughter,
and I can tell you for a fact,
Sasha did nothing wrong.
That's fine for Payson,
but The Rock has three girls
on the National Team
and the NGO has to consider
its legal liability.
- If they sanction
a potential pedophile...
- [all] Pedophile?
- [groans]
- Am I the only parent
who's gonna speak up
- on behalf of Sasha?
- It was a kiss.
A sweet little kiss.
And Sasha's very kissable.
Can we get to the real issue?
The World Trials
are in three days.
It's do or die time. And
considering the NGO's position,
- do we dare let
Sasha coach our girls?
- Come on.
Excuse me.
May I have your
attention here, not over there?
Nothing that
is happening over there
should affect
you making the World Team, so...
- ...let's get busy training.
- Belov.
The National Committee does
not want you to coach any
of the National Team members.
But we have World team tryouts.
We need our coach there.
If you continue to work with
Mr. Belov, we'll have no choice
but to cut you from the team.
And as far as The Rock
is concerned, you're suspended
until further notice.
- That's not fair!
This is all my fault!
- Payson.
[Sasha] It's OK.
You all need
to make the Worlds Team.
It's the next step
to getting into the Olympics.
- Nothing else matters.
- He's right.
- Who's gonna coach us
in the meantime?
- I will.
[rock music plays]
You don't need me to do this.
All you have to do is follow
the rules and stay focused.
Understand?
Good.
* Like it or not
* Shoot for the stars
* It's the only way
to move *
* Got a taste
of fortune and fame *
* Trying to beat the devil
Beat him at his game *
* It'll make or break down
It's only all or none *
* You're either dead
in the water or got
it made in the sun *
* I'm gonna go off
like a loaded gun *
OK, listen up.
World Trials have
been moved up a day
to Friday at 11.
That gives you all one
less day to practice, so
let's not waste any more time.
- Ms. Beals?
- Coach Beals.
I have a, um,
conflict on Friday.
I was wondering if maybe
you could schedule me last,
or let me come in really early?
You have a conflict?
[sighs] With a boy?
No, not with a boy.
It's a family emergency.
I'm sorry to hear that.
A death?
- No.
- Well, I expect
to see you there Friday at 11
if you want to
make the Worlds Team.
There will be no more
second chances this time.
Now, let's go! You're missing
valuable practice time.
- Hey! What's up?
- I don't want you to
compete at the World Trials.
Not in your condition.
You have too much to lose.
- Is this still about my eating?
- You need to get
your strength back.
Enough! Look...
I know you mean well,
but I've been through this
with Sasha and my parents.
They've weighed me. They're
convinced that nothing is wrong.
So just butt out. OK?
My sister used to put
rolls of coins in her
underwear to add weight.
No one looked there.
Other times,
she gorged herself on water
or just rigged the scale.
How'd you do it?
How did you fool
Sasha and your parents?
I'm not fooling
my parents, Austin.
For your information,
I'm the only thing that's
keeping them together.
- What...?
- My gymnastics,
my championship,
it's the only thing that's
keeping my family together.
[inhales] Kaylie,
I'm just telling you...
No, I don't need you
to tell me anything.
I'm fine, my eating is fine.
The only thing that is not fine
is you butting into my life.
So stay out.
As you both know, I made
a commitment to Payson
to get her to the Olympics.
And I intend to honor
that commitment and
continue my work with her,
- no matter what it takes.
- Thank you, Sasha,
for your commitment.
And we just want you to know
how terrible we feel about...
This commitment
that you're honoring.
Are you doing this for Payson
or for yourself because she's
the only one you have left?
- Mark!
- No.
That's a fair question.
If I believed,
for even a second,
that my presence
was harming Payson
or one of the other girls,
I would walk away again
and not look back.
- But your presence
is harming Payson.
- No, Dad, it's not.
It is. As long as you
continue to train together,
there's gonna be gossip
and whispering and innuendo.
And I will not put
Payson through that.
We don't have to
decide anything tonight.
Why don't we just
take some time?
I'm afraid time has run out.
Payson's window of opportunity
could very well be closing.
So it's imperative,
for all everyone
has already sacrificed,
to continue her
training without delay.
I'm sorry.
I'm not blaming anyone.
But if Payson makes it to the
Olympics, it won't be with you.
A petition, I'll have
all the parents sign it.
And the girls can record
a video that we'll show
to the National Committ...
Stop. The girls
are my responsibility.
I should know what they're
thinking before they do.
I should see trouble
before it happens,
but I didn't.
I allowed this to happen.
And it doesn't matter
if I was blind
or if I simply made
an error in judgment.
I failed them as a coach.
And maybe...
Maybe I'm not such
a good man after all.
Don't say that.
Don't think that.
I can't stand what they're
saying about you, Sasha.
You are a good man.
And an honorable man.
And a righteous man.
And that's why I love you.
I love you, too.
Wait, wait, wait.
We can't do this.
- No, I want to.
- No.
I'm sorry.
But if I let you
sacrifice your values,
I wouldn't be any
good for you either.
I can't let you
forget who you are.
I'm sorry.
Lauren, honey,
we need to talk.
Your mother's memorial service
is in a couple of weeks.
I'm not going.
She was a drunk and a drug
addict and she never loved me.
Why would I pay my respects
to a woman like that?
Honey, because
she was your mother.
I waited for her at the
bus station before Nationals.
But she never got off the bus.
She abandoned me again!
Because I'm nothing to her.
You want to know something?
I'm glad that she's dead!
I don't need her
hurting me anymore!
Forgive me, Lord.
[sobbing]
I came so close to breaking
my covenant with you. I just...
Why would you allow me
to have attraction in my heart
for a man that I cannot have?
Why?
[sighs]
It was me, Lord, I know.
I just need Your help.
I will read Your word
and wait for confirmation.
Lord, just show me where to go.
Tell me who to love.
[man sobbing]
[sighs]
I can't tell her
I kept her mother from her.
She'll never forgive me.
She needs to know
she was loved.
Oh, God.
It'll kill me to tell her.
I'll come with you.
You would do that for me?
And can I ask another favor?
Will you pray with me?
[house music plays]
* Only you can make you happy
* Only you can
make you happy *
Dude, come on.
Bodacious Boulders
is not where
we're gonna find dancers
for the video.
Hey, I'm just trying
to have a good time.
Groupies don't throw
themselves at A&R guys,
so give me a break, OK?
Excuse me, miss.
What can I...
* Only you can make you happy
- ...get for you gentlemen?
- Mrs. Kmet...?
No, Bambi!
My name is Bambi.
Bambi. Uh, which way
to the little boy's room?
Right past VIP, hang a left.
Look, Damon, this is
humiliating, OK, and it's
not at all what it looks like.
I swear! Unless it looks
like I'm bartending.
Then it is what it looks like.
Please don't tell Emily.
She doesn't
want to see me anyway.
Yes, she does. She's just
too proud to tell you.
- Tell me what?
- That she's in trouble.
OK, she'll kill me
for telling you, but
she's in big trouble, Damon.
Your mother
says I don't listen.
Is that true?
Sometimes.
I'm sorry.
I want to.
This thing with Sasha...
Help me understand.
Did he do anything
to lead you on?
Anything that...?
No.
After my surgery,
I just wanted to feel the same.
But I didn't.
Everything was different,
my gymnastics, my body.
My confidence.
That's a lot to deal with.
And I tried.
But no matter what I did,
I just kept feeling...
...depressed and clumsy
and stupid.
- Payson, you're not...
- Sasha was there.
He never gave up on me.
When I didn't want to go
to The Rock Awards,
he made sure that I was honored.
He opened my eyes to ballet.
He made me feel...
He made me feel beautiful
and protected and special.
You are special.
So very loved and special.
- Did I ruin everything?
- No, you didn't.
If Kaylie wants to compete at
the highest level, she has to
push her body to the limits.
Kaylie stopped pushing
herself a long time ago.
It's the disease,
the anorexia, that's
doing all the pushing now.
And it won't stop.
It will lie and deceive
until every one of her organs
shuts down and it kills her.
What the hell are you
doing here? I thought
I told you to butt out.
You know me. Tell me to do one
thing and I do the opposite.
- You think this is funny?
- Honey, he's just
worried about you.
Really? And what gives you the
right to be worried about me?
Or lecture me or talk to
my parents behind my back?
- You don't want to know.
- Yeah, I do.
What the hell.
The first time I saw you,
I knew there was something
special about you.
Before you get a big head,
it's not the way you look,
'cause I've dated cuter girls.
And it ain't your zesty
personality, 'cause you
can be a real pain in the ass.
- Well, please, go on.
- I haven't figured
the rest out.
I haven't figured you out.
But I want to.
Because once I do, I think I
might fall in love with you.
- Are you crazy?
- I must be.
But you asked. And I
realize I've probably
ruined any chance I have
with you by showing up like
this. But if I can help you,
then it's worth it.
Get out.
- Now.
- [Austin] What?
- Why?
- Because this isn't
about helping Kaylie.
It's about some
testosterone-fueled jock
sniffing around my daughter,
and I'm not gonna have it.
Not again.
Now, leave.
[soft rock plays]
* Your sights get
* Blinded
* Anyone can touch
* Anyone
Don't you know you
can tell me anything?
I felt so ashamed.
Listen, it would be great
if we could be on top
of the world together,
but life isn't
always like that.
The thing that you taught me
is that when you're down,
you need to let the person
that loves you pull you up.
The public defender says
I can't move my court date.
And Ellen Beals won't
let me move my audition.
So I don't know what to do.
I do.
- I'm gonna call Walter.
- Your stepdad?
- No. You hate him.
- Actually, he hates me,
but why quibble?
He's a lawyer.
He'll know what to do.
Why didn't you call him
when you were in jail?
I haven't spoken to him or
my mom since they got married.
Walter sees me as
a chip off my old man.
And since my dad is a con,
why prove him right?
But now?
For me?
For you...
...anything.
[soft rock plays]
Are you serious?
This is for us?
Yep. Rent's paid for a month.
If you need it longer,
I'll figure something out.
I know it's not
The Rock, but...
- Thank you. Both of you.
- It was your dad's idea.
Go on. Warm up.
Thank you for doing this.
Sasha.
I wanna apologize to you if it
seemed like I was questioning
your relationship with Payson.
When I finally took
the time to listen to her,
I understood all that
you've done for her.
And so much of it...
should have been me.
Well, I hope you know I wasn't
trying to take your place.
What I'm trying
to say is thank you.
If I couldn't be here,
I'm grateful that you were.
- I appreciate this.
- I knew you'd come begging
for a favor one day, Damon.
You like to think
you're so superior,
but when the chips are down...
Kmetko, that's right.
Yeah, she's on
the National Team, vying
for a spot on the Worlds.
I know, I owe you
a rematch, Roy.
[chuckles] I'll see you
at the club. Thanks.
- Done.
- Done?
Judge Morris will call
to verify you are
who I say you are,
but that's a formality.
You should get word of your
new court date by tomorrow.
I don't even know what to say,
how to thank you.
People make exceptions
for exceptional people.
And you are an
exceptional person.
The work ethic it takes
to be an Olympian, outstanding.
My stepson could take
a few lessons from you.
You still rolling dough
in that pizza place?
Actually, Damon
is doing really well. He's...
Well, thank you, Walter.
Emily's got to get to practice.
Your mother would
like to hear from you.
Tell her the phone
works both ways.
Thank you.
[phone rings]
Coach Beals.
May I help you?
Coach Belov isn't here,
but I can verify that Emily
Kmetko is on the National Team.
May I ask why?
That sounds serious, Your Honor.
I can't say
that it surprises me. Um...
Emily has already damaged
her Olympic prospects
by flaunting
her contempt for rules.
The best lesson
you can teach her
is that there are consequences
for your actions, not favors.
I'm glad you understand,
Judge Morris.
OK. Have a good night.
Kaylie, don't you think you
should be inside getting ready?
Oh, I'm just waiting
for Lauren and Emily.
Well, I wouldn't count on Emily.
And team can be overrated.
- You have to be
able to stand alone.
- [Emily] Here I am!
Oh.
[Beals] Today will test
what you're made of.
You'll perform one at a time,
without the support
of adoring parents or teammates
cheering from the sidelines.
I want complete silence
during these trials.
After two rounds,
the six best will
represent the US at Worlds.
Four will be left behind.
The strong survive,
and the weak... do not.
- Time.
- Here we go.
- Good luck.
- First up, Miss Emily Kmetko.
Beam.
- I'm up first?
- Yeah. We're
starting at the bottom.
- Let's go.
- Listen.
I appreciate it, but if
Sasha's not here to coach me,
I'm going it alone.
Really? Seems to me you could
use all the help you can get.
I know all about
your brush with the law.
Don't let it rattle you.
[gasps]
Come on, Em.
[classical music plays]
[panting] OK.
Hit me with it.
Not precise enough? A little
too lazy with my extensions?
No, that was, um...
It was actually quite excellent.
- Really?
- Yeah. Get some water.
I wonder how the girls
are doing at World Trials
without a coach.
- Unless you count Ellen Beals,
that is.
- I don't.
And I would never leave them
without someone to watch out
for their best interests.
- Like who?
- Payson.
The only question you need to
concern yourself with is this.
Are you ready, right now,
to embrace your destiny?
[man] Kaylie Cruz.
Uneven bars.
I've gotten Kaylie
to begin her routine with
a round-off Arabian mount.
Only Genji Cho has successfully
performed it in competition.
[yelps]
- [groans]
- [all muttering]
What happened?
She worked so hard
on that move.
She's weak. Tired.
That's what happens
when you starve yourself.
Kaylie looks shaky.
Anything we should know?
Blame Sasha Belov.
He's not doing his job.
We'll all be better off once
he's tossed out of the sport.
So everything that we're
hearing about him is true then?
It's in his blood.
His father was even crazier
when he coached the
Romanian National Team.
Thankfully, Sasha's
in Boulder so we don't
have to deal with any
Belov nonsense today.
[techno music plays]
- Isn't that...?
- Yeah, it is.
Miss Lauren Tanner. Vault.
Stop!
- Demetri Belov?
- Sasha's dad?
What's he doing here?
I'm sorry, Mr. Belov,
this is a closed session.
- No spectators.
- Should I take you seriously?
I'm coaching here.
Where are The Rock girls?
Come on here, ladies. Come on.
- Uh, Mr. Belov...
- Come on, come on.
- We have serious
business to do.
- Mr. Belov.
- May I ask what
you're doing here?
- I'm coaching these girls.
- They already have a coach. Me.
- Who?
You? Lady, get lost.
We got serious business
to do today, ladies.
Serious business! It's a big,
big moment of your life.
As you remember, unfortunately,
your coach, my son will not
be here today.
But he told me that you are
prepared very well,
physically and technically.
The only thing what he's
concerned of is up here.
Right here. The mind.
So remember, when you go
out there, stick together.
Fight for each other.
Encourage each other.
Work like a team.
That's gonna make you shine.
Try telling that
to Ellen Beals.
She thinks this is
an individual sport.
No, Kaylie, no. There is no such
a thing as individual sport.
When you go out there,
you are not alone.
You always taking
your family, your friends.
And, most importantly,
your teammates.
And they're gonna give you
the courage and the support.
Take their courage,
and you will succeed.
You gonna succeed.
How about giving a big hug
to each other?
[all laughing]
Miss Lauren Tanner. Vault.
[rock music plays]
Come on, Lauren!
Faster, faster, faster, faster!
Speed, speed!
Push hard!
Speed! Yes! Beautiful!
- [applause]
- All right! Yes!
Come on, hey.
Come on, Kaylie. Strong! Strong!
Good job!
[applause]
That completes round one.
We will now take a short break
and post the current standings.
Please keep in mind,
the top six girls
from the end of round two
will advance to Worlds.
[Payson] Are you sure
I'm ready for this?
[Sasha] I've never been
more certain of anything.
- And what if they
don't want to see me?
- Then we make them.
Kim, what's going on?
Sasha's gonna make the
National Committee see Payson.
Well, I don't know about y'all,
but I'm not about to miss this.
- Dad.
- Son.
Belov, stop right there.
I've brought Payson Keeler.
And, with all due respect,
we're not leaving until
you've seen what she can do.
Would you stop them!
They can't do this!
[Sasha] In France, you saw
Payson Keeler the power gymnast.
Today, I want you to see Payson
Keeler the artistic gymnast.
[classical music plays]
Payson Keeler is not
an artistic gymnast.
You've seen how
much grace she has.
This is ridiculous.
Be quiet, Ellen.
We'd like to watch.
[cheering, applause]
[Payson] We did it!
You did it.
I'm so proud of you.
- That was amazing!
- You were awesome!
Beautiful.
Sasha!
You can't leave. Not now.
I don't belong here.
Sasha's our coach.
I couldn't have
done it without him.
You have to let him stay.
And I wouldn't be the
National Champion without him.
And I wouldn't be
anything without him.
We don't care what people say.
Sasha hasn't done
anything wrong.
Don't do it.
Mr. Belov, you can stay.
- [laughing]
- For now.
- [applause]
- Yes!
Whoo!
- [man] Lauren Tanner.
Uneven bars.
- [girl] Come on, Lo!
- Own it!
- You've got this!
[man] Second call,
Miss Lauren Tanner.
Uneven bars.
You've had a tough
few days, Lauren.
- Are you OK?
- It wasn't that tough.
She didn't mean
anything to me.
She hasn't seen me do gymnastics
since I was, like, five.
She bought me
my first leotard.
She bought one for her, too.
[sobbing] We matched.
One day she was there,
and then she was just gone.
And she never came back for me.
I can't do this, Sasha.
It's OK. It's OK, Lauren.
- Sweetie, sweetie.
- [sobbing]
It's Daddy.
There is something
you need to know, Lauren.
- Look at me.
- [sobbing]
Your mother loved you
and wanted to see you.
- What?
- Leslie tried
to come to Nationals.
I kept her away.
She tried to
see you every year.
- I didn't tell you.
- [sobbing]
- My mother wanted to see me?
- More than anything.
It's my fault
you never saw her.
She was just here, Lauren.
She left this for you.
Here.
I'm so sorry.
Lauren, I just told the
Committee you can't
do this right now.
She wanted me.
I can do this.
I want to do this.
For her.
[soft rock plays]
* Never have to score
* All my flaws
* You see
* For you still love
* Love me
* All my flaws
* To see
* You, you still love
* Love me
Yeah *
* Even when I see you
* To toss me in
* 'Cause I've been burned
* When I waited my turn
* Don't act my age
I don't want to *
* Call it a phase
Call me *
* So all of my flaws
* See
* But still
You still love *
* Me
* Oooh
Oh, oh *
[cheering]
- Yay, Lauren!
- That was for you.
I love you, Mommy.
* It's my manicure *
Miss Kaylie Cruz. Beam.
Don't do it, Kaylie.
You don't have to.
[all gasping]
Can I help you?
Miss Emily Kmetko. Vault.
What's going on?
My stepdad didn't
come through after all.
Oh, my God.
Are they gonna arrest me?
Yeah.
But I convinced them
to wait till after
you finish your vaults.
You got one chance
to make the Worlds Team.
Go get it.
Are you kidding me?
I can't compete now.
Yes, you can.
These other girls,
they were raised in rare air.
They're thoroughbreds.
But when the going gets brutal,
who's the mustang? You.
[screeches]
[rock music plays]
Good job, Em.
- That was just an anomaly.
- Shhh.
Ladies and gentlemen,
that completes the trials.
We will announce the names
of the six girls continuing
to Worlds momentarily.
Emily, don't you worry
about this.
We'll straighten it all out.
I love you, OK?
I always have, I always will.
It's time to announce
the six girls
on the United States
Worlds Team.
These are the girls
who will go on to compete
in Rio at the end of the year.
In first position,
from Boston,
Andrea Conway.
In second position...
The Committee has decided to
hold second position vacant
until we receive a full medical
evaluation of Kaylie Cruz.
If Miss Cruz
is deemed unable to compete,
she will lose her spot
on the US Worlds Team
as well as the National Team.
Take it from me, son.
You can't protect them
from everything.
No.
But I shouldn't
be hurting them either.
[man] The third place
on this year's Worlds Team
goes to Lauren Tanner
of The Rocky Mountain
Gymnastics Training Center.
In fourth position,
from Seattle, Beth Atchinson.
First last year.
The fifth spot
on the US Worlds Team
goes to...
...Emily Kmetko
of The Rocky Mountain
Gymnastics Training Center.
Where's Emily?
[police radio chatter]
[man] Moving right along.
In the sixth and final spot
for the US National Team
competing at Worlds,
by special vote,
Miss Payson Keeler.
- [cheering]
- You did it! You did it!
Where's Sasha?
We all got in!
We all got in because of him!
[rock music plays]
* Big, big dreams
* On these big, big nights
* Big, big stars
* Giving off
a big, bright light *
* It's a big, big love I have
* For you
* It's a big, big love
that makes me do *
* The things I do to you
* It's a big, big love
I have for you *
that makes me *
* Do the things I do to you
* It's a big, big love
* Big, big love
* Big, big love *